				Work flow of admin


	Admin Login:
		step1. Admin enters the login credentials.
		step2. After validating,if he is the correct admin,he/she will enter into admin home page.
		step3. The home page contains a top menu which includes:
	
	a. Subscriber list: -This list contains two types of users-active users,inactive users.
			    -By default it shows the list of active users.
			    -The list includes details of users like name,address etc.
			    -It also includes some buttons to perform operations like:
				Add new subscriber,Filtering,Sorting,Export to excel, Print,Edit/Delete/no. of posts options.
		1.Add new Subscriber:
			If the admin wants to add a new subscriber,
			step1: click on add a new subscriber button.


			step2: A form will be opened.
			step3: Fill the details:name,address,phone number,pincode,starting issue and ending issue.
			step4: Click on 'add subscriber' button.
		2.Filtering:
			step1: Click on filter button on the top menu.
			step2: A popup box will display.
			step3: Enter the starting date and ending date.
			step4: Click on apply filter.
		3.Sorting:
			step1: Click on sort button.
			step2: Sorts the list based on the name.
		
	b. Enquiry list: -Shows a list of enquiries.
			 -Admin can perform two actions:
			 1. By clicking on 'mark complete',admin can fill the details and complete the task.
			 2. By clicking on delete admin can delete the list. 

	c. Books:	
			step1: Click on books button on the top menu.
			step2: Displays a list of books which are uploaded.
			step3: Click on add a book button.
			step4: A form will open.
			step5: Fill the form containing fields like:
				 -Name of the issue
				 -Enter issue number
				 -Upload PDF file
			step6: Click on 'add' button.

	d. Articles:	
			step1: Click on articles button.
			step2: Contains two columns
				1.Left column – List of categories like Historic hero’s, places etc.
				2.Right column - List of Articles
			step3: To add a new article,
			       Click on 'add new category' button placed in the right column.
			step4: It shows an entry form with the following fields
				-Name of the article,
				-Select category like Historic hero’s, places etc,
				-Upload PDF file.
			step5: Click on 'add' button.
				
	e. Events/Activities:
			step1: Click on 'Activities' button.
			step2: It shows a list of activities.
			step3: Admin can add a new activity by clicking on 'Add new activity' buton.
			step4: It shows an entry form with the following fields:
			        -Title of the activity
				-Date
				-Description
				-Upload image
			step5: Click on 'Add' button.
	f. Reports
    
